Predictable Sequencing (#567)
vatpac-technology/sops: docs/enroute/Melbourne Centre/HUO.md

WON is responsible for issuing STAR Clearances, sequencing, and descent.

### Sequencing in to YMML

## Predictable Sequencing
Predictable sequencing alllows for ATC to re-route aircraft via pre-defined waypoints off major airways to create certain time delay. 

> Aircraft arriving into Melbourne via **H215**, **P753**, **L508** and **M625** can use four additional waypoints perpendicular to both **M625** and **H215** airways. Aircraft should continue to comply with STAR speed and height restrictions unless explicitly cancelled by ATC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are four Predictable Sequencing waypoints available for aircraft inbound YMML via **H215**, **P753**, **L508** and **M625**. These waypoints are perpendicular to **M625** and **H215**. Aircraft must comply with STAR speed and level restrictions unless explicitly cancelled by ATC.```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The table below contains the estimated time from the initial waypoint to the final waypoint **via the CDO waypoint**. I.e., the estimated delay if an aircraft is re-routed via that CDO waypoint.
```
